All right,
Now we're going to be starting up an HDP server.
So let's start by adding some code comments up here,
we're just gonna know that this is the primary file for the A P I.
Before we do anything,
we are going to need one of nodes built in modules called http.
This is the http server that lets you listen on ports and respond with did it?
This one is called HDP.
So we're going to require the HDP module by saying require http and we're just going to
assign it back to the variable.
Http,
you'll notice that a lot of people have started using constant instead of our that works as
well.
So the way the http server works is we first need to use the HDP module to define what the
server does.
And then later on,
we need to actually tell the server to start listening on a specific port.
So I'm just going to add some commenting so that we know what we're about to fill in.
Okay,
So what this says is that the servers should respond to all requests with a string of the
world or whatever,
and that then we need to start the server and haven't listened on Port 3000.
Let's go ahead and do that.
In order to configure the server,
we're going to create a server object.
That's just call that server.
We're going to use HDP dot create server and we're gonna pass it a call back.
And that callback accepts two parameters wreck with stands for request and rez,
which stands for response.
And I'll explain that what that means more in a second now we're going to use when the
functions built into the rez object that will be coming back to send a string back in
response to any request.
So rez dot end hello,
world,
and then we want to terminate it with a new line.
Now we need to tell the server to start listening on a port.
So we're going to say server listen on 3000 and also give us a call back to tell us when
you're done listening and when it is done listening,
we're going toe log out that the server is listening on a Port 3000 now,
so we have these two really simple functions.
The 1st 1 defines the behaviors of the server.
We're creating the server and then saying that it should respond with a hello world.
And then second,
we are telling it,
Toe,
listen on Port 3000.
Let's go ahead and run this program and see what happens.
We're going to run it by calling the same thing that we did in the previous lecture node
index dot Js We have a console log.
That server is listening on Port 3000 now.
But how can we test it?
Let's go ahead and open a new tab in our terminal.
And I'm just going to curl local host 3000 and see I got back the string.
Hello world.
Okay,
now I'm in.
The clothes are coral.
Client,
back out and kill this server by pressing control.
See,
otherwise that server just listens continuously.
It is keeping the node Js event loop busy by telling it.
It always has something new to do,
which is continue to listen on the server and 40,000.
So,
in order to get the program to stop,
we actually have to proactively kill it.
And that's what the control see does.
If you're on a windows machine or something after than OS X,
Your command will be different.
It will be whatever the command is that normally kills programs in the command line.